You love her?
I was gonna tell you.
Tell me what?
We're looking out for a while.
So you don't love her?
Well, that's my kid, man. I don't even know if it's mine.
Of course it's not your fucking kid.
She's a liar. I couldn't smell anything.
Could you? No.
He's manipulating you, man.
Just feel bad for him, man.
I really thought that was my kid for a while.
We were pretty... pretty what?
Active?
Yeah.
Goddamn it, Massimo.
I'm not mad at you because you're a horn dog.
I get that.
I think it's time our whole pack steps are shit up.
You just have a good woman.
What I'm doing is time to wake up, bro.
Hey.
You're doing Massimo.
Yes, boss.
Shadow magic is as dangerous as you say it isn't.
What are we even doing here?
I'll deal with you later.
If you ever return, tear out your heart.
Yes, Alpha.
Go, Massimo.